feat(hitl): resilient test prompts + skill alignment with flow-workbench (#837)
UiPath/skills: skills/uipath-human-in-the-loop/references/hitl-node-quickform.md

# HITL QuickForm Node — Direct JSON Reference

> The agent writes the `uipath.human-in-the-loop` node directly into the `.flow` file as JSON. **Direct JSON is the default.** A CLI opt-in is also available when the user explicitly requests it — see [CLI reference: uip maestro flow hitl add](../../uipath-maestro-flow/references/shared/cli-commands.md#uip-maestro-flow-hitl-add).

Author: ```suggestion
There's a HITL CLI add command available, which should ONLY be invoked if the user explicitly asks for the HITL node to be added via CLI, or if the direct Flow file write fails. 
```
